Hi, my name is Grant Waite, from Waite Mayo
Golf.
I'm here with my teaching partner Joseph Mayo,
and our student Dan.
In this short little video tip, we're going
to act as though Dan is a slicer of the ball;
and today he's going to learn to draw the
ball for the very first time.
Dan, if you'll address this ball for us please.
Now guys remember real quickly on the ball
flight laws: remember, the ball's going to
start basically where the face is pointed,
and curves away from the path.
So for Dan to get this ball to draw back to
the left some amount, we're going to put pieces
into his swing to push the path to the right.
And the first thing we're going to do, Dan,
is this: I want you to feel like you've got
your weight extra forward; an inordinate amount
actually.
Remember guys, this is just a drill.
So you can see that Dan's hips are forward,
his left knee is flexed forward.
The second thing that we're going to do is
we're going to push the handle gently forward,
and we're going to raise it up just a little.
And when Dan hits the shot, he's going to
keep his weight forward, he's going to feel
the handle forward, and he's going to feel
his arms very straight through impact; and
all of these pieces help push the path to
the right, which is going to help him draw
this ball.
Dan, hit a shot for us.
Grant, how many yards did that ball draw?
That's a good 8 yard draw.
So, right on cue, you did it.
Okay, so remember—we're going to recap—this
is a drill.
But remember, to draw the ball, we need a
rightward path.
So we're going to have the weight forward,
we're going to have the handle forward, we're
going to raise the handle a little bit, and
we're also going to feel through impact that
the big thing is he's also going to keep raising
this handle going out; up like this.
That's going to keep throwing the path out.
Now, he's not going to try and draw the ball
by rotating the face, so he's going to keep
those wrists very stable.
So we know that this drill—if you do that—you're
guaranteed to get a rightward path, which
is going to help you draw the ball.
Absolutely; for Grant Waite—and for Dan—I'm
Joseph Mayo.
Thank you so much for watching this video;
we know you're going to draw the ball.